your-gov: consistent state management (#1753)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/shy-vans-tell.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': minor
'@ag.ds-next/yourgov': minor
---

> date-picker: Allow date ISO strings.
> date-range-picker: Allow date ISO strings.
> yourgov: Handle date ISO strings in state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date-picker: Internally support and transform ISO date strings when set as `value`.
date-range-picker:  Internally support and transform ISO date strings when set as `value`.
yourgov: Handle ISO date strings in state.
```

> your-gov: Handle date ISO strings in state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yourgov: Handle date ISO strings in state.
```
